Add information / content in angular roadmap (#2087)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/104-angular/content/100-typescript-basics/105-builtin-types.md

> # Builtin types
> The Builtin types represents the different types of values supported by the language. The Builtin types checks the validity of the supplied values, before they are stored or manipulated by the program. This ensures that the code behaves as expected. The Builtin types further allows for richer code hinting and automated documentation too.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://www.tutorialspoint.com/typescript/typescript_types.htm'>Type Interface - Tutorialspoint</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nt9ajBrqV_M'>Builtin Type video for Beginners</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Builtin Types

The Builtin types represent the different types of values supported by the language. The builtin types check the validity of the supplied values before they are stored or manipulated by the program. This ensures that the code behaves as expected. The Builtin types further allow for richer code hinting and automated documentation too.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://www.tutorialspoint.com/typescript/typescript_types.htm'>TypeScript Types - Tutorialspoint</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nt9ajBrqV_M'>Builtin Type video for Beginners</BadgeLink>
```
